ASH, SERENA, CLEMONT,
BONNIE: [EXCITED]
PIKACHU: [AMAZED]
DEDENNE: [AMAZED]
BONNIE: Hey look,
Squishy, we're here!
SQUISHY: [PLEASED]
NARRATOR: As our heroes
continue toward Snowbelle City,
they now take a detour to see
Terminus Cave, thanks to a
recommendation from
Sawyer‐‐and Squishy!
JESSIE: Why are
they going in there?
JAMES: Twerpish curiosity?
WOBBUFFET: [CURIOUS]
MEOWTH: Wherever Pikachu goes,
Team Rocket goes, too!
Like right now!
JAMES: And how!
JESSIE: Wow!
WOBBUFFET: [EXCITED]
SERENA: I heard this mine
was abandoned years ago,
but now it's home to many
wild Pokémon, so it attracts
a lot of Trainers.
BONNIE: Look! An Ariados!
BONNIE: And there's a Shuckle!
BONNIE: And a Lairon, too!
ASH: It's just like Sawyer said!
SQUISHY: [EXCITED]
DEDENNE: [SURPRISED]
PIKACHU: [SURPRISED]
‐BONNIE: Squishy?
‐ASH: Bonnie!
PIKACHU: [EXERTION]
I stand tall
'Cause I know I'm a winner
Knock me down
I'll just get up again
You've met your match
Yeah, I'm no beginner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
(I stand tall 'cause
I know I'm a winner)
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
BONNIE: Squishy?! Wait!
SQUISHY: [EXCITED]
PIKACHU: [CALLING]
Hey Squishy, are you
looking for something?
SERENA: Is that what it's doing?
SERENA: Oh yeah!
Braixen, come out!
BRAIXEN: [APPEARING]
SERENA: Light up that
area with your flame!
BRAIXEN: [HAPPY]
SERENA: Thanks!
ASH: I can see great now!
CLEMONT: Hey, I can
help light things up, too!
Clemontic Gear, on!
SQUISHY: [SEARCHING]
CLEMONT: Couldn't we take an
easier path, Squishy?
SERENA: We've come really far.
ASH: Yeah...
How much far there is....
SQUISHY: [SEARCHING]
BONNIE, BRAIXEN: Hey, Squishy!
BONNIE: Squishy, wait!
CLEMONT: Bonnie,
it's dangerous!
BONNIE: Squishy's
going without us!
CLEMONT: Calm down!
PIKACHU: [WORRIED]
SERENA: There's no way we can go
down there...
BONNIE: But Squishy can't go
alone! We've gotta catch up!
ASH: Hey don't
worry about it, Bonnie.
I know exactly what
to do to go after it.
ASH: Noibat,
I choose you!
NOIBAT: [APPEARING]
ASH: Use your ultrasonic waves
to find us an easy way
to get
down there from here!
BONNIE: Please!
NOIBAT: [AFFIRMATIVE]
NOIBAT: [USING ECHOLOCATION]
CLEMONT: Luxray,
help us out, too!
LUXRAY: [APPEARING]
CLEMONT: Use your
amazing eyesight to help
Noibat look around, too!
ASH: Good thinking, Clemont!
LUXRAY: [AFFIRMATIVE]
NOIBAT: [CONFIRMING]
LUXRAY: [CONFIRMING]
CLEMONT: This way?
BONNIE: Thanks, both of you!
LUXRAY: [HAPPY]
NOIBAT: [HAPPY]
ASH: Okay, let's go find
Squishy!
BONNIE: Right!
GOURGEIST: [CURIOUS]
MEOWTH: How far they gonna go?
JAMES: They're tougher
than Twerps should be.
JESSIE: Yeah, well,
we're even tougher!
JAMES: I wonder what lies ahead.
Treasure? Intrigue?
MEOWTH: Neither one. Pikachu!
WOBBUFFET: [STUMBLING]
GOURGEIST: [EXCITED]
SQUISHY: [SEARCHING]/[PLEASED]
SQUISHY: [EXCITED]
HENCHMAN: It's here!
HENCHWOMAN: I'm glad we kept it
under surveil‐ lance!
HENCHMAN:
Hey, it's Z1!
HENCHWOMAN: What?!
HENCHWOMAN: Come in! Come in!
Z1 has appeared
in Terminus Cave!
SQUISHY: [HAPPY]
SQUISHY: [HAPPY]/[CALLING]
LUXRAY: [STARTLED]/[EXCITED]
CLEMONT: Luxray?
LUXRAY: [LEADING]
CLEMONT: Wow, so you found
Squishy!
ASH: Come on!
PIKACHU: [EXCITED]
SQUISHY: Report! Are you well?
ZYGARDE CORE B: I am well.
HENCHWOMAN: We've detected
a strong wave from Z1!
HENCHMAN: Now Z2
is responding!
XEROSIC: We've picked up Z2's
position! Mable, Aliana,
let's go!
ALIANA, MABLE: Yes sir!
ALIANA: It may be the stuff of
legends, but it's foolish.
It
gave up its own location.
MABLE: Our detection system is
simply too advanced for it!
SQUISHY: I will be fine. It is
imperative that you flee from
there at once!
NOIBAT, LUXRAY: [EXCITED]
SQUISHY: [CURIOUS]
BONNIE: Squishy!!
PIKACHU: [RELIEVED]
ASH: Thank Goodness.
BONNIE: Squishy,
don't go off alone like that!
We were so worried!
SQUISHY: [SURPRISED]
SERENA: It's gone!
BONNIE: Squishy,
where are you?
ASH: Squishy!
JESSIE: What's this all about?
JAMES: Mysteries by the score.
MEOWTH: And what's the deal
with that Squishy character?
‐BRYONY: On location now.
‐XEROSIC: Roger.
CELOSIA: Hey
CELOSIA: I'm afraid you're late.
BRYONY: Got stuck in traffic.
CELOSIA: I wondered
if you had an accident.
BRYONY: Whatever. Hurry.
Z1's waiting for us.
CELOSIA: Okay, okay. Let's go
SERENA: Squishy, where are you?!
ASH: Squishy?!
PIKACHU: [CALLING]
BONNIE: Squishy, come out!
CLEMONT: Any luck, Luxray?
LUXRAY: [NEGATIVE RESPONSE]
ASH: Anything, Noibat?
NOIBAT: [NEGATIVE RESPONSE]
ASH: No good...
SERENA: Maybe Squishy's
not here anymore.
BONNIE: No way! Stop!
I know it's here!
ASH: You're right!
ASH: You're here,
Squishy, right? Come on out!
BONNIE: Please,
Squishy! Where are you?
SQUISHY: [SURPRISED]
DRAPION: [THREATENING]
CELOSIA: All right,
you kids! Don't move!
PIKACHU: [ANGRY]
ASH: It's you guys again!
JAMES: They're here!
JESSIE: The people with the
eyewear!
PIKACHU:[CHARGING]
DRAPION: [SLUDGE BOMB MOVE]
CELOSIA: That was a warning.
The next will be much worse!
DRAPION: [AFFIRMATIVE]
BRYONY: Found you!
SQUISHY: [STARTLED]
BONNIE: Whawassat?
BRYONY: Looks like I missed.
JESSIE: What in the
world are they shooting at?
JAMES: They must see something.
MEOWTH: What
they see is Squishy.
PIKACHU: [DETERMINED]
PIKACHU: [CALLING]
ASH: Something's in there!
BONNIE: Squishy's in there!
SQUISHY: [IMPACT GRUNT]
SQUISHY: [IMPACT GRUNT]/[GROAN]
BONNIE: Oh no, Squishy!!
ASH, SERENA, CLEMONT, BONNIE:
"Who's that Pokémon?"
"It's Drapion!"
SQUISHY: [WHIMPER]
‐BONNIE: Squishy!!
‐ASH: Look out!
CELOSIA: I
told you not to move!
ASH: Let's go, everybody!
CLEMONT: Now, Luxray!
SERENA: Braixen, ready?!
PIKACHU, NOIBAT, BRAIXEN,
LUXRAY : [THREATENING]
HENCHMAN: Houndour GO!
HOUNDOUR X2, SKORUPI: APPEARING]
ASH: Noibat, Supersonic! Now!
NOIBAT: [SUPERSONIC MOVE]
DRAPION:
[STARTLED]/[IMPACT GRUNT]
ASH: Tackle!
NOIBAT: [TACKLE MOVE]
CELOSIA: Drapion!
ASH: All right!
BRYONY: Iron Head GO!
BISHARP: [IRON HEAD MOVE]
NOIBAT: [STUNNED]/
[IMPACT GRUNT]
ASH: Hey are you okay, Noibat?
BRYONY: Bisharp, Metal Sound!
BISHARP: [METAL SOUND MOVE]
PIKACHU, NOIBAT, BRAIXEN, LUXRAY
: [CRINGING]
‐CELOSIA: Catch it!
‐HENCHMAN: All right!
ASH: Not you
JESSIE: Talk about Twerp denial
JAMES: Trouble? Double!
Make it worthwhile!
JESSIE: To protect Squishy
from confiscation!
JAMES: To transfer
it over within our nation!
JESSIE: To denounce
the evils of tacky goggles!
JAMES: To watch this circus,
the mind boggles!
JESSIE: Jessie!
JAMES: And it's James.
JESSIE: Team Rocket blasts off
doing the thing that we do best!
JAMES: Surrender now. Give your
amateur antics a rest!
MEOWTH: Meowth, with zest!
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
BRYONY: So?
JAMES: STOP INSULTING
OUR INTELLIGENCE!
WOBBUFFET: [ADAMANT]
CELOSIA: Any idea what
they're talking about?
BRYONY: Not a clue. But
they sure are annoying.
BISHARP: [THREATENING]
DRAPION: [THREATENING]
ASH: Greninja, let's go!
GRENINJA: [APPEARING]
ASH: Get Squishy out of there!
GRENINJA: [EXERTION]
MEOWTH: NO!!
JAMES: NO FAIR!
WE TOOK IT FIRST!
CELOSIA: Cross
Poison, let's go!
DRAPION: [CROSS POISON MOVE]
GRENINJA: [DODGING]
BRYONY: Use Stone Edge!
BISHARP: [STONE EDGE MOVE]
GRENINJA:
[STARTLED]/[IMPACT GRUNT]
ASH: Help out, Pikachu!
Use Thunderbolt!
PIKACHU: [THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
SERENA: Flamethrower, now!
BRAIXEN: [FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
CLEMONT: Luxray, use Swift!
LUXRAY: [SWIFT MOVE]
HENCHMAN, HENCHMAN 2, HENCHWOMAN
: All right, Dark Pulse!
HOUNDOUR X2, SKORUPI:
[DARK PULSE MOVE]
GRENINJA: [PLEASED]
BONNIE: Wow, Greninja, thank
you!
ASH: Awesome job!
BONNIE: Are you all
right, Squishy?
SQUISHY: [AFFIRMATIVE]
CELOSIA: Listen! That
'Squishy' is more than it seems.
It's our duty to retrieve it!
BRYONY: Celosia, enough!
JESSIE: Thank you for filling us
in.
If Squishy's more than meets
the eye, what is it?
CELOSIA: A slip of the lip is no
reason to think we're as dumb as
you are. Drapion, Sludge Bomb!
DRAPION: [SLUDGE BOMB MOVE]
BRYONY: Now
will you hand it over?
GRENINJA: [PROTECTIVE]
PIKACHU: [DEFIANT]
BONNIE: I protect Squishy! I
promised I'd never let it go!
SQUISHY: [TOUCHED]
BRYONY: You leave us no choice.
CELOSIA: Right!
SQUISHY: [DETERMINED]
BRYONY: What?!
PIKACHU: [SURPRISED]
CELOSIA: The Cells
BRYONY: So many!
CLEMONT: Cells?
SERENA: Are
they Squishy's friends?
SQUISHY: [CALLING]
ZYGARDE 10%: [ROAR]
BONNIE: That's Squishy?!
ASH: They all merged
CLEMONT: Maybe this is some kind
of Evolution?
CELOSIA: This is
what you saw, right?
BRYONY: Right.
ZYGARDE 10%: [ROAR]
HOUNDOUR X2: [HOWL]
ASH: Squishy had
that much power? Whoa
DRAPION: [SCREAM]
BISHARP:
[STUNNED]/[IMPACT GRUNT]
BONNIE: Squishy!
ZYGARDE 10%: [EXERTION]
PIKACHU: [SURPRISED]
BRYONY: Liepard, after it!
LIEPARD: [EXERTION]
CELOSIA: Manectric GO!
MANECTRIC: [EXERTION]
ASH: Now, Pikachu
and Greninja, stop them!
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
GRENINJA: [EXERTION]
PIKACHU: [EXERTION]
GRENINJA: [DETERMINED]
PIKACHU: [DETERMINED]
LIEPARD: [SNARLING]
MANECTRIC: [SNARLING]
BRYONY: Now Liepard, Shadow
Claw!
LIEPARD: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: Use Cut!
GRENINJA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
GRENINJA: [CUT MOVE]
LIEPARD: [SHADOW CLAW MOVE]
CELOSIA: Thunderbolt, GO!
MANECTRIC: [THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
GRENINJA:
[STUNNED]/[IMPACT GRUNT]
ASH: Use Iron Tail!
PIKACHU: [IRON TAIL MOVE]
MANECTRIC: [EXERTION]
GRENINJA: [STRUGGLING]
ASH: Are you okay, Greninja?
CELOSIA: And that's that for
Greninja
BONNIE: Hey, Ash!
LUXRAY: [DETERMINED]
BRAIXEN: [DETERMINED]
BRYONY: What a nuisance.
Look. Get out of the way, NOW!
ASH: Greninja,
can you still battle?
GRENINJA: [DETERMINED]
ASH: Let's go!
ASH: Water Shuriken!
GRENINJA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
GRENINJA: [WATER SHURIKEN MOVE]
MANECTRIC: [SHOCK WAVE MOVE]
CELOSIA: Go after it!
MANECTRIC: [ROAR]
MANECTRIC: [ATTACK]
MANECTRIC: [CONFUSED]
ASH: Cut, let's GO!
MANECTRIC: [ALARMED]
GRENINJA: [CUT MOVE]
MANECTRIC: [STUNNED]
BRYONY: Shadow Claw now!
ASH: Now use Aerial Ace!
LIEPARD: [SHADOW CLAW MOVE]
GRENINJA: [AERIAL ACE MOVE]
LIEPARD:
[STUNNED]/[IMPACT GRUNTS]
GRENINJA: [DETERMINED]
BRYONY: We can not keep this up.
CELOSIA: You're right!
Manectric! Use Flash!
MANECTRIC: [FLASH MOVE]
JESSIE: We need to get back
to the old drawing board!
MEOWTH, WOBBUFFET:
Right! [AFFIRMATIVE]
SQUISHY: [IMPACT
GRUNT]/[DETERMINED]
SERENA: Ash, are you okay?
ASH: Yeah.
SERENA: What happened?
CLEMONT:
The same thing that happened
back at Ninja Village.
ASH: It was like somehow I
became a part
of Greninja for a
while...
CLEMONT: Became it?
ASH: Yeah...
BONNIE: But wait, I wanna know
where Squishy went!
HENCHMAN: Z1
has not yet been located.
BRYONY: ...Understood, so
keep your current location.
CELOSIA: Ugh! I can't
believe it got away...
BRYONY: Yes, but it
may still be close by...
BRYONY: Those Trainers
seem to have a relationship
with Z1. Perhaps we
should keep an eye on them.
CELOSIA: I think
that's a good idea.
MEOWTH: Hey!
CELOSIA: What? Not you again
JESSIE: Those troublesome
Twerps are our concern!
JAMES: You get in our way
and you'll feel the burn!
JESSIE: SO! I don't
know what you're planning,
but we'll tell
you once and only once!
JAMES: This world
belongs to Giovanni!
MEOWTH: And that
includes Team Rocket!
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
BRYONY: What a joke.
CELOSIA: Totally.
BONNIE: Squishy?!
ASH: Hey, Squishy?!
SERENA: Come on out!
CLEMONT: Squishy?!
PIKACHU: [CALLING]
SERENA: Not here.
ASH: If Squishy got away from
them, it's probably hiding
somewhere around here.
CLEMONT: Maybe it doesn't want
to cause us any more trouble...
BONNIE: NO WAY!
BONNIE: Squishy
protected us, right?
BONNIE: Remember, Squishy's
our friend! I'm sure it's
waiting for us somewhere!
ASH: Yeah, you're right.
CLEMONT: I'm
sure it's waiting, too!
PIKACHU: [AGREEING]
DEDENNE: [HELPFUL]
NOIBAT: [ENCOURAGING]
BONNIE: Yeah!
BONNIE: Well find you, Squishy!
NARRATOR: Our heroes are
being confronted with many
mysteries, one after the other!
Why did Squishy run away from
Bonnieand what exactly
is Squishy all about?
The answers, as the
journey continues!
XEROSIC: We've
finally got clear footage
of what Z1 looks like
merged with its Cells!
LYSANDRE: It appears to
be better able to move.
XEROSIC: It will
require much more study.
I feel we have yet to see
the true power of Z.
LYSANDRE: What about Z2?
XEROSIC: We're in
the process of searching.
But it's only
just a matter of time...